How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that was introduced?

It elimiated the need to manually identify which lines had changed, thus 
allowing me to focus my time on looking for errors only in the lines 
that had changed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?

It would save a lot of time understanding what had happened when 
changes destabilize a piece of code.  It can also help in 
collaboration, to more quickly understand what others have changed.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google Docs does?

Cons: You can neglect to commit things that should have been committed, or 
you can comomit too frequently when the changes are trivia.
Pros: You don't get commits happening at logically arbitrary points where 
changes might not be complete or which may be too large or too small. You 
don't have stuff saved while you are still composing the changes.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple 
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file 
separately?

Git is designed for programmers who may be working on several interrelated files 
at once, whereas files in Google Docs are typically standalone and independent.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Locate the comments and commit IDs associated with specific commits using git 
log, and find specific changes using the commit IDs with git diff.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Managing version control of some Matlab scripts I have been developing and 
re-factoring for an R&D project.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

Knowing you can always revert to a previously committed state removes the fear 
of breaking something unrecoverably.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

(1) Version control of my Matlab code for algorithm development, (2) version
control of all software projects in my business, (3) possibly version control of 
final reports and grant funding proposals.
